wiki/Questions_That_Bother_Us.md, before:

---
title: Questions That Bother Us
permalink: wiki/Questions_That_Bother_Us/
layout: wiki
---

##### Money versus Bartering technologies

*Say that mankind had all these mobile phones, PDAs etc., but suddenly
forgot all about money. Would mankind immediately reinvent the concept,
and trust the pieces of paper back again? Or would it make use of the
powerful information technologies available in order to come up with
some advanced, decentralized electronic bartering system?*

Attempted answers...

### Spontaneous forms of Money within Bartering technologies

*Say that humanity had all these mobile phones, PDAs etc., and say that
all of its trades would take place via some advanced, decentralized,
electronic bartering system. Would one of the resources being exchanged
re-emerge as a currency, i.e. serve for wealth cumulation and
participate in all deals? Or would more dynamical, blended and local
currencies start to emerge?*

Attempted answers...

### Possibly related papers

[ Price stability in peer-to-peer resource
markets](http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/xpls/abs_all.jsp?arnumber=5662594 "wikilink")
by Okaie, Nakano Comment this paper
[here](/wiki/OkaieNakanoStability "wikilink").

[ Resource pricing games on graphs: existence of Nash
equilibria](http://www.springerlink.com/content/213187v363028302/ "wikilink")
by Okaie, Nakano Comment this paper [here](/wiki/OkaieNakanoNash "wikilink").

(This is a [discussion page](/wiki/Discussion_Pages "wikilink"), you may
enrich it with condensed arguments.)

Commit message:

/* Spontaneous forms of Money within  Bartering technologies */

wiki/Questions_That_Bother_Us.md, after:

---
title: Questions That Bother Us
permalink: wiki/Questions_That_Bother_Us/
layout: wiki
---

##### Money versus Bartering technologies

*Say that mankind had all these mobile phones, PDAs etc., but suddenly
forgot all about money. Would mankind immediately reinvent the concept,
and trust the pieces of paper back again? Or would it make use of the
powerful information technologies available in order to come up with
some advanced, decentralized electronic bartering system?*

Attempted answers...

### Spontaneous forms of Money within Electronic Bartering Systems

*Say that mankind had all these mobile phones, PDAs etc., and say that
all of its trades were taking place via some advanced, decentralized,
electronic bartering system. Would one of the resources being exchanged
re-emerge as a currency, i.e. serve for wealth cumulation and
participate in most deals? Or would more dynamical, blended and local
currencies start to emerge?*

Attempted answers...

### Possibly related papers

[ Price stability in peer-to-peer resource
markets](http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/xpls/abs_all.jsp?arnumber=5662594 "wikilink")
by Okaie, Nakano Comment this paper
[here](/wiki/OkaieNakanoStability "wikilink").

[ Resource pricing games on graphs: existence of Nash
equilibria](http://www.springerlink.com/content/213187v363028302/ "wikilink")
by Okaie, Nakano Comment this paper [here](/wiki/OkaieNakanoNash "wikilink").

(This is a [discussion page](/wiki/Discussion_Pages "wikilink"), you may
enrich it with condensed arguments.)
